today's gonna be the best damn
[Music]
whoa do you what are you doing to my
wall damage really so there's a lot of
stuff going on in my office that
honestly I cannot wait to share with you
guys
it's kind of been in the works for like
probably three weeks or so we're moving
slowly because you know I also have to
work at the same time so that's a little
difficult but we have Cody here helping
out
what's up subscribe you Cody's use a
channel description below but yes today
I'm buying a moped I was outside the
office and I saw these epic I didn't
know that they were moped but I was just
like what are these crazy Pikes I always
have crazy bikes outside a came in yeah
and of course Augie hopped on one what
is this is crazy and it's just a little
gift book ever look so cool both wheels
and the white multi and beautiful
beautiful just so you know I rolled up
with my dad and I was like Oh Sarah you
should try this out and I was actually
worried cuz she hopped on the bike and
just took off there was like a boosted
board you know she's not out left a
gas-powered moped she's gone for a good
ten minutes I was so timid in the meet
you thought once I got I was like I am
never coming back
I mean you look down Bravo you just see
her ripping just going and here we are
she's buying one today so here we are
I'm gonna get one because it was the
funnest thing ever
what I do is I sell books over there
under 50 cc's they go under 30 miles an
hour and you could buy one on one and
operate it with out a motorcycle license
so no motorcycle no motorcycle just the
drivers the scooters are we got them and
I like them but they're it's like
sitting on toilet what a moped is
straddled what bicycles yes when I see
one of these I think of the movie yes
man put the gas in first yeah it's a
full tank gallon I got these great
little oil pans I'll give you suck it
douche up the whole pack of oil
another moped rider is born hey what up
guys Austin I'll get here take it over
Sarah DG's blog also Sarah you don't
have a lens that I can look at I can't
look at myself I don't like that make
sure you subscribe to Austin on
[Music]
well we zoomed in you can customize it
and you can pull it pull John on a
skateboard
[Music]
you ride around with
it's the next day John what's up girl
how you livin today what was your
reaction to the bike how do you honestly
it's so unbelievably aesthetic I think
it's time to get John on the bike for
the first time you know what
let's get jiggy with it this moped is so
much fun so every Monday I put out a new
podcast the creative exchange and this
week it is youtuber productivity guru
podcaster Thomas Frank and he recently
put out a video on how to get out of a
creative ride past few weeks I just
haven't been feeling like myself I
haven't been able to create and live
life on the level that you have to to
just make a lot of things and be a
youtuber like all the things I am and so
I just haven't been at the certain level
that I'm usually at and it bummed me out
like I would I would definitely call it
a creative rut but in this recent video
that Thomas recently put out about
creative roads one of these suggestions
he had was to just go do something
different moment that I kind of pull on
a thread of interest and let it take me
somewhere that's when life starts to
feel exciting again that's where I start
learning new things and I'm really
really motivated and just basically
psyched about life in general
I feel like this moped in some form of a
way I just kind of like sparked the fun
back in life randomly I think creativity
goes with waves and it's weird because
like it is an ebb and flow and sometimes
there are low points and I always don't
know how to handle it those low points
so shout outs of this moped for just
something super fun make sure to check
out the new podcast with Thomas it is
linked in the description below
second shirk mopeds a place that I
bought this moped from they actually
have a phenomenal YouTube channel it's
very informative but it's just really
good videos I'm gonna link that
description Austin ie John just a lot of
letter links in the description below
and I want to close out this video with
just a raw ride back to my apartment so
many fun things happen on the streets of
New York and it's also really sketchy
very sketchy like running into things
running potholes so if you're interested
and some GoPro footage of the moped from
every now and then I think it's pretty
entertaining but guys thank you so much
for watching if you like this video you
like this video like and subscribe
[Music]
so to sketch
is my light on
hey I love you
[Music]
dude
thank you
[Music]
um it's a Tomo wanna trade it's fun yeah
uh 30 miles per hour
[Music]
thank you
Oh
[Music]